Report for OS HW1
Problem1: The first assignment program declares an integer and then a pointer which points to the integer x. Then we print the address of x first using the pointer formating with & and then we print the value inside pointer p - these two point to the same thing so same result. Next we go and modify the value of x with p pointer using *p which is basically dereferencing pointer. So it goes and changes the value of x without directly using x.
Problem2: The second program declares an array of int-s and then declares a pointer to point to the array. This pointer points to the first element of the array. With pointer arithmatic - p+i - we can traverse the array. This is because it knows the type of the array and doesn't go through the address by 1 point but by 4 bytes.
Problem3: The third program defines a swap method to swap the values of two integers. In this example like in example one we learn that modifying the value using a pointer is possible - and this is the best thing we can do in this case. So we use the pointers to swap the values of two integers in the method definition and usage. 
Problem4: The fourth program declares a variable, then a pointer to that veriable and then, a pointer to the pointer. In this case in order to print the value of the integer with the pointer we afain use dereference it with *p and in the case of the double pointer we use **pp which is basically the same thing but for double pointers.
Problem5: The fifth program stores "Hello" in an array of chars and again declares a pointer that points to the first element of that array. In c there is a special last "spot" that basically indicates that the string is done which is '\0' - so we use that in the loop to traverse through the array and pront the letters. The idea of adding "one" to the pointer is used here the same way as it was in problem 2. During this process we also keep a counter to count how many letters are there

link to github repo: https://github.com/gayanebaghdasaryan3/os-hw1-pointers
